Co., Ltd. Mid-International, which is west Gifu Koran of Gifu Station
Although its inception has been both expanded its business and development of the 1952 Gifu textile industry
About 20 years ago, I have been developing a business specialized in king size completely
Because it is small and medium-sized enterprises Hitomono money is limited
I would like to advance to the world aiming for the best in Japan by specializing it in three parts
I am
Besides specializing in king size products , unique to Knit International
There is a feature
One of them is the high rate of in-house production of work
In general, in-house staff is also responsible for outsourcing to outsourcing companies
I had no camera experience until I joined the company
I learned from a professional photographer who taught me
The customer has taken to think the most from that what you want to see
As soon as possible, the image taken is uploaded to the website on that day
It is the speed that can not be managed by external order
The martial artist Kensuke Sasaki is appointed to the image character with the excitement feeling as a keyword
Also proposed loincloth coordination and wearing introduces the looking forward to the expected
As a result, the ratio of net sales to sales increased to 80%
Care for customers is mainly handled by female staff
Careful attention suppresses the occurrence of claims
It is best to look for a chart that is perfect for each and every customer because the product is large
Is difficult
There is also a joyful voice that I wanted to receive a detailed guide from that customer.
It will be here also happy tee section and the back and forth
Also cherish a sense of speed so that you can quickly come what you bought
Orders received by 8 pm are shipped on the same day
Inventory management and distribution systems were also developed independently in- house
There is also a department in charge of resizing of online orders, and we have made it possible to complete the work in-house
Mechanism is made
Also , requests from customers can be shared by all employees using in-house sns.
It has become
It is very useful as a communication tool to keep in touch with each other
Yes The other day also from writing customer support sns
We received a response from the customers that saw the page and banners to create a banner and politics
Because the system engineer is shy-resident
It is a system that can solve problems and soon
All company employees are also young and can communicate smoothly
Personality of the young that the average age 37-year-old employee has been utilized in-house departments
It is more and more try new things gathered staff that there is currently a variety of experience
I want to be a company that keeps smiling even with large sized customers from all over the world
I will
The reason is that the Japanese king-size market is worth 10 billion yen
preparation for midwinter aims at the world from Gifu